📝 Improve README details about configuration (#1)
XaF/omni: README.md

omni clone https://github.com/omnicli/omni-example-go.git
```

> ## Setting up omni for your repo

Author: At least to me: this section being called "Configuration" was confusing because I expected it meant configuring omni itself, not how omni will act in certain repos

> Omni uses an `.omni.yaml` file at the top-level in your repo to determine how to configure omni's management of your repo.

Reviewer: This is actually not complete!
Omni uses a number of potential configuration files, some local (.omni or .omni.yaml or .omni/config or .omni/config.yaml from the root of the repo) and some "global" (per user) located at ~/.omni or ~/.omni.yaml or ~/.config/omni or ~/.config/omni.yaml, depending on preferences.

The configuration options presented here can be set `per repo` or for the user.
Some of those configuration options do not make sense to use as global options, while some others don't make sense to use as local options!

I do want to convert the whole documentation into a docusaurus stuff or equivalent though to make it easier to navigate than a simple README...

Author: A bigger and more fleshed out docs would make a lot of sense, but for the moment: just hoping to fill in the sort of details at least someone like me wants to know out of the gate to get an idea of how the tool works.

  - `met?` *[string, shell script]* the command to run to know if we are currently meeting the requirement
  - `unmeet` *[string, shell script]* the command to run to 'unmeet' the requirement during tear down

## Configuration

### Environment values

> * `OMNI_GIT` [path] The workspace directory where omni will clone and look for repositories. Defaults to `~/git` if it exists, or `$GOPATH` if it is defined.
> * `OMNIDIR` [path] The path to the omni repo. Defaults to searching under `$OMNI_GIT`.
> * `OMNI_ORG` [comma-delimited list of strings] Sets up implict trust for repositories within organizations. Organizations are assumed to be certain prefixes on the git origin. Example: `OMNI_ORG="git@github.com/xaf,github.com/xaf"`.

Reviewer: Useful addition!

```suggestion
* `OMNI_GIT` *[path]* The workspace directory where omni will clone and look for repositories. Defaults to `~/git` if it exists, or `$GOPATH/src` if it is defined.
* `OMNIDIR` *[path]* The path to the omni repo. Defaults to searching under `$OMNI_GIT`.
* `OMNI_ORG` *[comma-delimited list of strings]* Sets up implicit trust for repositories within organizations. Organizations are assumed to be certain prefixes on the git origin. Example: `OMNI_ORG="git@github.com/XaF,github.com/XaF"`.
```

^ not sure how to formulate, but on top of implicit trust, organizations are to allow `omni clone` to close directly from repo name or org/repo if org is not specified. e.g. `omni clone omni` will clone `omni` from `github.com/XaF/omni` with those example organizations, while if `github.com/oefd` is the first organization, `omni` would be found there first!

Author: I tried to make it a bit more clear by breaking it down a bit more
